Update configure-admin-consent-workflow.md (#109265)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/manage-apps/configure-admin-consent-workflow.md

   - **Select users, groups, or roles that will be designated as reviewers for admin consent requests** - Reviewers can view, block, or deny admin consent requests, but only global administrators can approve admin consent requests. People designated as reviewers can view incoming requests in the **My Pending** tab after they have been set as reviewers. Any new reviewers won't be able to act on existing or expired admin consent requests.
   - **Selected users will receive email notifications for requests** - Enable or disable email notifications to the reviewers when a request is made.  

>    - **Selected users will receive request expiration reminders** - Enable or disable reminder email notifications to the reviewers when a request is about to expire. The 1st about-to-expire reminder email is likely sent out in the middle of the configured "Consent request expires after (days)". For example, if consent is configured to expire in 3 days, the 1st reminder email is usually sent out on the 2nd day, and the last expiration email is almost immediately out once the consent is expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Selected users will receive request expiration reminders** - Enable or disable reminder email notifications to the reviewers when a request is about to expire. The first about-to-expire reminder email is likely sent out in the middle of the configured "Consent request expires after (days)." For example, if consent is configured to expire in three days, the first reminder email is usually sent out on the second day, and the last expiration email is almost immediately out once the consent is expired.
```
